README.md, before:

## Data Science Example Projects

### House price prediction

Predicting prices of a house, model refinement and evaluation.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/House%20Price%20Prediction.ipynb)

### Loan status prediction

Some use cases of classification techniques and evaluation metrics in
Laon status predictions.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Machine_Learning_With_Python.ipynb)

<h1>
<mark style ="background-color: #FFFF00"> DATA SCIENCE CAPSTONE PROJECT </mark>
</h1>

### Data Collection API for SpaceX

Collecting data via spaceX api, cleaning and prepare for further use.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Data_Collection_API.ipynb)

### Data Wrangling

Data wrangling checking variable
distribution with value_counts(), writing iterative function to
classify outcome class into binary outcomes of 1 or zero for successful
and unsuccessful landing respectively.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Data_Wrangling_EDA.ipynb)

### Plotly dashboard

Interactive dashboard with spacex data helps give a pictoral view if landing of
falcon 9 booster was successful or not and help understand correlation between payload and mission outcome. various visual plots. [see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/spacex_dash_app.py)

### SQL magic Exploratory Data Analysis

Querring remote database instances with sequel magic.[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/SQL_Magic_EDA.ipynb)

### EDA with data visualization

Data visualization and preprocessing, dummy encoders for categorical variables and preparing data set for modelling and further exploration.[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/EDA_With_Data_Visualization.ipynb)

### Machine Learning Prediction for Capstone

ML algorithms with optimal algorithm for the falcon 9 being the Decision tree classifier with higher accuracy. [see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/Machine_Learning_Predictions.ipynb)

Commit message:

heorku link for dash app

README.md, after:

## Data Science Example Projects

### House price prediction

Predicting prices of a house, model refinement and evaluation.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/House%20Price%20Prediction.ipynb)

### Loan status prediction

Some use cases of classification techniques and evaluation metrics in
Laon status predictions.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Machine_Learning_With_Python.ipynb)

<h1>
<mark style ="background-color: #FFFF00"> DATA SCIENCE CAPSTONE PROJECT </mark>
</h1>

### Data Collection API for SpaceX

Collecting data via spaceX api, cleaning and prepare for further use.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Data_Collection_API.ipynb)

### Data Wrangling

Data wrangling checking variable
distribution with value_counts(), writing iterative function to
classify outcome class into binary outcomes of 1 or zero for successful
and unsuccessful landing respectively.
[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/DScExampleProjects/blob/main/Data_Wrangling_EDA.ipynb)

### Plotly dashboard

Interactive dashboard with spacex data helps give a pictoral view if landing of
falcon 9 booster was successful or not and help understand correlation between payload and mission outcome. various visual plots. [see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/spacex_dash_app.py)

See hosted app deployment with the link [spacex_dash_app.py](https://spacex-dash-app.herokuapp.com/)

### SQL magic Exploratory Data Analysis

Querring remote database instances with sequel magic.[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/SQL_Magic_EDA.ipynb)

### EDA with data visualization

Data visualization and preprocessing, dummy encoders for categorical variables and preparing data set for modelling and further exploration.[see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/EDA_With_Data_Visualization.ipynb)

### Machine Learning Prediction for Capstone

ML algorithms with optimal algorithm for the falcon 9 being the Decision tree classifier with higher accuracy. [see](https://github.com/kuta-ndze/IBM_Data_Science_Capstone_Project/blob/main/Machine_Learning_Predictions.ipynb)
